It's a good time for são paulo
rogério ceni fired 42 minutes two
yellow cards for each team
You can see it from behind the goal juninho.
gospel concentrate right
Lulinha is there.
everton silva also the two with
in front of the ball on the floor of the
did you know of the license to
do not hit the miss
is putting the line on the ground and
barrier and draws attention already
raised to protect the face is
penalty
so take your face but not
comments only dinner when you are
seeing the distance that is of
joking that was there beating a
A little bit there for a little while
the rogério is taking position for the
collection
now almost a minute ago for the collection
of the lack
Now rogério took the ball from the place
rogério went there to complain about the barrier
and at the same time gave a touch with the
stand on the ball to push the ball away
Now the judge will find something to
Are not you all cranking?
kicking the ball and the judge is
his tongue is just whistling that he has
the Malaga player also right
with more running than anything
now he's going to have the duck hit
there he says anything prograrian and
boy, but there goes card there for someone
barrier that pushed the goose
I think it was Andrade Neves raised in the
Teapot but it seemed andrade
We will complete two minutes for the
collection of thisrade andrade andrade
right now, there goes the rogério
ceni right leg on the hit ball
colossus
the goal
the goal of são paulo rogério ceni charging
lack
it has passed exactly where the goose
crouch repair dance skirt low the ball
passes exactly where the goalkeeper was
clearly was waiting for the ball for
top of the barrier
rogério hit the corner kick
nor did he move sao paulo out the front
rogerio 11 to 0 maurice noriega